Update dependency doc with info on testing backend updates (#4919)
mozilla/blurts-server: docs/dependency-updates.md

### `uuid`

Used in places where a random identifier is needed:

- as a `nonce` in `src/middleware.ts` for CSP
- server-side Glean document IDs in `src/app/functions/server/glean.ts`
- as an experimentation ID for Nimbus in `src/app/functions/server/getUserId.tsx` and `src/app/functions/server/getExperimentationId.ts`
- for email verification tokens in `src/db/tables/emailAddresses.js`

1. Check that `nonce` is present in `content-security-policy` header for HTTP responses.
2. Check that `experimentationId` is set as a cookie in the form `guest-${uuid}`
3. Add a secondary email from the Settings screen and ensure that email verification works

### `@aws-sdk/*`

> Used for S3, by the `src/scripts/s3.js` cron job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used for S3, by the `npm run cron:db-pull-breaches` cron job.
```

Weird that `s3.js` is in `/src/scripts/`, since it seems to only export a utility function `uploadToS3` - I don't see it being run as a cronjob itself.

So then I suppose the way to verify this is to run `npm run dev:cron:db-pull-breaches` locally and check that it completes without errors?

Author: Hm yeah I think `s3.js` is just a utility library essentially, it should probably be moved to `src/utils` maybe...  thanks for suggestion, that sgtm.

Reviewer: If I prefix `dev:` (to not have to compile), it does work. You might need these env vars though (also listed in `.env.local.example`):

```
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=
```
